you pull shrimp and pork on grill you
make good crispy flavor on pork so
crispy flavor only cook shrimp to eat
both sides on orange you cut cucumber to
make for spring roll is you cut just
like you cut off feet and you cut a long
slice
very thin just like American Girl very
thin you make sauce you put oil you put
1 teaspoon minced garlic you put 5 tsp
poison sauce you put 1 teaspoon
peanut butter oh I get on me do all
medium heat bring all together you have
1 teaspoon sugar you star save you add
little butter and stir you stir your
third a dry stick to boiling water 3 to
5 minute now your strain noodle under
cold water stop noodle
you don't want to cook too much noodle
we take shrimp you cut in half just like
see you take rice paper you dip in warm
water and you lay on works of this I
have cutting board clear cutting board
down for work servers now first you take
blue lettuce you take mint and basil and
you come back in some poor
you put on roll you take two piece
shrimp
let's show our inside down noodle and
you roll very tight at the first roll
fold inside nicotine you roll last
before you put in some chive leaf you
have spring roll
you do again you know my friend Christie
who a Chia songwriter Nashville
Tennessee she like my spring roll very
much so I make for her next time I see
her she know come see me
I always put pork and two-piece
arms down noodle and roll
try keep drive surface make very easy or
for you